some are coming on to live work and so
they will be talking to Bilal
someone who is who was one of the
forerunners and founding members if you
like of the organization troy'd which is
a partner member of the Salafi
publications and it's based in Canada
he's going to be giving us insight as to
the excesses of these this particular
sect this particular fringe sect which
has been noted to be one of the most
exploitive non violent French sects in
all of Islam and that is the followers
of shareable Matt Haley or the the
proposed followers of chef Roberto Kelly
of course you could even argue that he
wouldn't endorse these things either but
we're going to be talking about some of
their behaviors both from a pragmatical
and theoretical level in in Canada so we
can potentially triangulate some of the
practices are happening here in the UK
with some of the practices that are
happening across the pond in the US and
in Canada we'll be trying to see if
there's any continuities that exists and
if there are the questions will be of
course to what extent are of this group
or is this group trying to use religion
as a guise in order to promote more
exploitative practices especially in
regards to the rights of women I'm going
to be speaking to below specifically
about the issue of women because this is
one of the most problematic things in
the Muslim community now we find many
people that claim to be Salafi or claim
to be sunny even on a wider level attack
she is for mota
for the temporary marriage that they do
with certain conditions the question is
are such people who make such
comparisons even allowed to make such
comparisons or should they make such
comparisons when they are themselves
maybe not on the level of doing water
but they are themselves exploitative
when it comes to the rights of women let
speak to Bilal and find out
you
so Bilal is very very good
this the show I've got a question for
you below the question is how has this
group from you experienced being a
founding member of this group dealt with
women is there any evidence of predatory
behavior so when a lot of black youth
became Muslim they came they became
Muslim with sincerity and tried to to
ended these social ills like how the
Muslim er was doing back in the day
that's how he was doing it he was
actually involved even though you might
not agree with his tax tactics he was
trying to do something about the social
ills in the communities he was deal he
was tackling and dealing with these
social ills after he got refuted these
Duat they took advantage of their own
communities and took advantage of the
women in their own communities to the
point that the stories became my roof
and up until this day even just a couple
of days ago I'm hearing like hearing a
story after story after story from the
states from my circle that people that I
know from the states and whatnot and so
approximately 10 years ago or so like
roughly give or take like I want to say
is 10 years it could be less or more but
it could be I think like it's around 10
years ago a website PMO from sisters who
wanted to expose this and the website
was called protect Muslim women calm and
I'll put the link in the in my
description so this website exposed some
of the antics of the Durant's
particularly about Hassan Manik but we
know the stories we know the stories
about has a Somali for example Abu
Hassan Malik and even I'll put the links
for some of the things that happened
with even on allow days right in the
description so everybody can see that
I'm not lying
making the stuff up right this stuff has
been happening for many many many years
those of us who have been seller fee for
a long time know about this stuff and
for example my wife she will not allow
me to speak about the details about
these things in front of my children
that's how that's how well-known the
stuff this it is well known and these
brothers they come with a lot of catch
phrases and they use their status as
deities to take advantage of women and
most of these women and the men as well
right they don't have any type of
Islamic foundation in terms of manners
in terms of a flaw in terms of studying
in terms of a PITA
this is a general thing with new Muslims
there is no support for new Muslims in
these things I want you to think about
this for example for example you brother
Mejia your eat Eren Egyptian you have
like a family Network and you know so
any type of Islamic upgrade you you need
it's there for you already for us the
converts not a bad there and for us the
converts the conference our will will
have the difficult time married into
families of Muslims who are not commerce
very difficult it's very difficult
because the non converts they have
tribalism with them and they have you
know at
type of like it's a type of racism they
have with them that will not allow them
especially to marry black people so now
you have a whole influx literally
hundreds of thousands of black converts
right and deep in wet Congress or
whatever right what Congress it's a
little bit easier because a lot of
people were married to wait Congress is
like it's very simple for them right
before our black conference it's not the
same world at all it's not the same
world